unify docs and fix non markdown links (#2132)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/gesture_recognition_demo/python/README.md

To run the demo, please provide paths to the gesture recognition and person detection models in the IR format, to a file with class names, and to an input video:
```bash
python gesture_recognition_demo.py \
-m_a <path_to_model>/asl-recognition-0004.xml \
-m_d <path_to_model>/person-detection-asl-0001.xml \
-i 0 \
-c <omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/msasl100.json
```

The demo starts in person tracking mode and to switch it in the action recognition mode you should press `0-9` button with appropriate detection ID (the number in top-left of each bounding box). If frame contains only one person, they will be chosen automatically. After that you can switch back to tracking mode by pressing space button.

> An example of file with class names can be found within OMZ folders tree, <omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/msasl100.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of file with class names can be found within the OMZ directory at `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/msasl100.json`.
```

> > **NOTE**: To run the demo application with video examples of gestures specify the `-s` key with valid path to the directory with video samples (you can find some ASL gesture video samples [here](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/sample-videos)). The name of each video sample should be the valid name of gesture from <omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/msasl100.json file. To navigate between samples use 'f' and 'b' keys for iterating next and previous respectively video sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: To run the demo application with video examples of gestures specify the `-s` key with valid path to the directory with video samples (you can find some ASL gesture video samples [here](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/sample-videos)). The name of each video sample should be the valid name of gesture from `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/msasl100.json` file. To navigate between samples use 'f' and 'b' keys for iterating next and previous respectively video sample.
```
